This code controls a robot designed by team 1160 for the 2013 First Robotics competition. The robot will climb the the pyramid using three arms that grasp the the rungs. Each arm has three controllable components.
Overview of the mechanism
1. A winch, consisting of a section of tapemeasure, about 4 feet in length with a hook riveted to one end, wraps around a 2 inch drum attached to an AndyMark gear motor. The drum is bolted to a gear matched to a pawl (2.) which provides a ratchet mechanism. The sections of tape are actually two sections, taped together with their concave faces facing each other
2. A position of the pawl, locked or unlocked, is controlled by a servo.
3. Two carbon fiber rods, 1/8 inch in diameter and about 4 feet in length, are fastened at one end to a two inch gear on a gearbox controlled by another servo (hiteC 5465). This gearbox is mounted above and behind the winch.  The other ends of the rods are attached to a swivel bolted to the hook at the end of the tape. The position of the servo determines the angle of the rod ends relative to the frame of the robot, which in turn determines the angle of the 

The code uses the command-based robot templates offered by FIRST. 
There are 6 subsystems-  rod and a pulley for the left righ at top 
Following Ethan's architecture, an abstract pulley pid subsystem, and an abstract rod subystem, from which left right and top subsystems are extended.
Also following Ethan's architecture, a framemath and si class, with static methods handle complex trig calcuations and sensor interfaces respectively. Potentiomenter and servo calibration parameters,as well as positions of pulleys and rod servos  are handled in arrays.  A missing line of code was replaced in the getclimbtape method.
There is no digital servo class. There is no abstract command class. Each rod has two active commands, an anglefree and a followtape command, Anglefree settings are relative to the floor and are accomplished with a subsystem method that controls servo velocity.  Each pulley has a setlength command, with a velocity parameter. Each pulley and rod also has a donothing command. Pause and resume commands accomplish thier tasks by using the "requires" clause to interrupt any commands using the targetted subystems.
